reviewer-template.md, before:

# {{ date of review yyyy-mm-dd }} - {{ product title }} peer review

{{ name of reviewer }}

## Scope of review

{{ delete as appropriate 

- [ ] Code review
- [ ] Validity of method to question
- [ ] Verification of methods
- [ ] Documentation
- [ ] Working practices of team }}

Give details about what you have been asked to review.

## General comments

Consider the following questions:
- has the product been reviewed before? If so, what changes have been made since the last review?


## Detailed comments

### Code review

- How does the product manage dependencies on software and data?
- How is the product tested?


### Validity of method

### Verification of methods

- How easy was the product to reproduce by you? Was there enough documentation to do so?

### Documentation

- Does the product have an assumptions log, a data register, a list of roles and responsibilities?
- Is it easy to find out why decisions have been made?


### Working practices of team

- Is the product version controlled?

Commit message:

Added validity of methods + working practices points.

reviewer-template.md, after:

# {{ date of review yyyy-mm-dd }} - {{ product title }} peer review

{{ name of reviewer }}

## Scope of review

{{ delete as appropriate 

- [ ] Code review
- [ ] Validity of method to question
- [ ] Verification of methods
- [ ] Documentation
- [ ] Working practices of team }}

Give details about what you have been asked to review.

## General comments

Consider the following questions:
- has the product been reviewed before? If so, what changes have been made since the last review?


## Detailed comments

### Code review

- How does the product manage dependencies on software and data?
- How is the product tested?

### Validity of method

- Is there evidence of user need for this output?
- Is there evidence of user research regarding the approach taken to create this output?
- What alternative methods were considered and why were they rejected?


### Verification of methods

- How easy was the product to reproduce by you? Was there enough documentation to do so?

### Documentation

- Does the product have an assumptions log, a data register, a list of roles and responsibilities?
- Is it easy to find out why decisions have been made?


### Working practices of team

- Is the product version controlled?
- Are the team appropriately skilled given the complexity of the work?
- Do team members have a good understanding of the limitations of the inputs, methods and 
- Is there pressure on the team to deliver to timelines at the expense of accuracy, quality or calculation/communication of uncertainty?
- Do managers of the product allow for open and transparent discussions of concerns and risks, escalated when appropriate?
